docs: add microservices demo to readme (#4)
kluctl/kluctl-examples: README.md

[.kluctl.yml](simple/.kluctl.yml).
2. [simple-with-external-repos](simple-with-external-repos): This example is very similar to `simple` except that the 
target cluster and the deployment is defined externally. You can configure the repositories and the ref in  
[.kluctl.yml](simple-with-external-repos/.kluctl.yml).
3. [microservices-demo](microservices-demo): This example is a more complex one and contains the files for the 

> [microservices tutorial](https://kluctl.io/docs/tutorials/) inspired by the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[microservices tutorial](https://kluctl.io/guides/tutorials/microservices-demo) inspired by the 
```
